SSL VPN :
      ssl VPN is created tannel between the client and Corporate Network for secure transaction.
      
      
  SSL -Secure Socket Layer (created by netscape in  1994).
           ->ssl maintenance handed to IETF in 1999.
           -> IETS renamed protocol to TLS.
  TLS -Transport Layer Security 
  
    Both SSL and TLS maintaine the same protocal.
   now a days,TLS is most used one.
    
    
   HOW do SSL?TLS protect your data?
    ->Data sent across a wire can captured by anyone in the middle
    ->Purpose of SSL/TLS is to protect the data 
    
                         Encryption
         i)Confidentiality [Data is only accessible by Client and Server]
        -------------------
                         Hashing
         ii)Integrity [Data can't be modified between Client and Server]
          -----------
            it may not able to prevent.but it should detect the data modification.
            
                           PKI
         iii)Authentication [Clent/server are indeed who they say they are]
         ------------------  
  
  
  
 Anti-Replay and Non-Repudiation:
   Anti-Replay ensure that recived data are unique by using the sequence number.
   
   Non-Repudiation ensure that this data has been by by the client.
          (Integrity +Authentication)
          
          
 Key players:
 
 -> Client 
      Entity initiating the TLS Handshake
      -web Browser,IOT and lot more 
      -Optionaly authenticated.
      
 -> Server 
      receiving the TLS Handshake
      -Web Server 
      -Always Authenticated.(It provide the certificate to prove the identity)
    
    
    
 SSL Client is anything that initiating the HLS handshake  
  
    
->  Certificate Authority 
     =>it issue the certificate.
     =>This certificate can be trust by the Client 
     
     
    
    
 The handShake Protocal is used to establish session :
    It allow the client ,server by sending series of message's
  
  this Protocal uses 4 phase cycle to complete it's system.
     
     
      phase i) Both client and sever send "Hello"packet to each other
      phase ii) Exchage the private and the public key 
      phase iii) They reply to each other with encryption algorithm and the secret key
      phase iV)handshake is completed.
      
      
      
  1. Web browser, send a message to web server for connecting a ssl website
  2.web broser request the web server to identify itself
  3.web server will respond it,by sending a copy of its SSl certificate
  4. web browser will authenticate this certificate , send message aback to server
  
